{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue164;\red52\green255\blue255;\red250\green168\blue255;
\red171\green168\blue255;\red0\green0\blue245;\red178\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 To explain you how to do this task, let me first set a couple of configuration settings.\
//name of the template file 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $tpl_file = "profile.
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 ";\
//path to the directory at the server, where you store the "template.
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 " file. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $tpl_path = "/home/ricky/public_
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 /templates/";\
//path to the directory where you will store the auto-generated members 
\b \cb3 page
\b0 \cb1 s. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $members_path = "/home/ricky/public_
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 /members/";\
At your template.
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1  file you are using "placeholders", which will be replaced with the posted data. The file looks like:\
<
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 > 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 <head> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 <title>\{username\} Home 
\b \cb3 page
\b0 \cb1 </title> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 </head> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 <body> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Hello,<br /> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 this is my 
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1  home 
\b \cb3 page
\b0 \cb1 . Here is my data:<br /><br />\
\{first_name\} \{last_name\}<br /> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \{city\}, \{street_address\}<br /> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Click <a href="mailto:\{email_address\}">here</a> to send me an email.<br /><br />\
</body> 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Also, lets suppose your form contains these fields: 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 username, first_name, last_name, city, street_address, email_address\
What I will miss here, because of simplicity: 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 - I will not explain how to filter and/or validate the posted data; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 - I will not explain how to handle the uploaded image;\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Step #1
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 The user has posted the form. Your 
\b \cb5 php
\b0 \cb1  code has already filtered and validated the posted data and all of it is stored in a 
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1  array:\
$data['username'] = "king"; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $data['first_name'] = "John"; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $data['last_name'] = "Doe"; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $data['city'] = "
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1  York"; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $data['street_address'] = "1 Main Str."; 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $data['email_address'] = "john@example.org";\

\b Step #2
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 You need to store all of the template placeholders into an array.\
$placeholders = array("\{username\}", "\{first_name\}", "\{last_name\}", "\{city\}", "\{street_address\}", "\{email_address\}");\
Note: the elements possition from the both arrays should match!\

\b Step #3
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Get the template.
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1  as a string: 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 $tpl = file_get_contents($tpl_path.$tpl_file);\

\b Step #4
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb5 php
\b0 \cb1  provides you with a lot of functions to manipulate strings. For this case I prefer to use {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmasterworld.com/r.cgi?f=88&d=3552317&url=http://www.php.net/str_replace"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 str_replace()}}[
\b\fs18 \cb5 php
\b0 \cb1 .net
\fs20 ]\
We need now to replate the template placeholders with their correspond values.\
$
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1 _member_file = str_replace($placeholders, $data, $tpl);\

\b Step #5
\b0  
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Now we will 
\b \cb7 create
\b0 \cb1  a 
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1  
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1  file. We will use the submited username to 
\b \cb7 create
\b0 \cb1  the file name.\
$
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 _file_name = $data['username'].".
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 ";\
Now we will write this file to the members directory:\
$fp = fopen($members_path.$
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1 _file_name, "w"); 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 fwrite($fp, $
\b \cb4 new
\b0 \cb1 _member_file); 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 fclose($fp);\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 That is all! Now you should be able to access the file as: 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 http://www.example.org/members/\{username\}.
\b \cb2 html
\b0 \cb1  
\f2\fs24 \
}